feat(docs): add fetchai concepts page (#246)
fetchai/docs: pages/concepts/introducing-fetchai.mdx

# Introducing Fetch.ai: pioneering an AI powered decentralized digital economy

> **Fetch.ai** is building the platform and tools to help build an AI enabled decentralized digital economy. At fetch.ai's core there are _AI Agents_. These are AI enabled programs able to make independent decisions for individuals, organizations, and devices.

Reviewer: Minor typo: At **F**etch.ai's core.

Also @devjsc what's our policy on Oxford commas in the docs (we try to avoid them in the marketing blogs)?

Author: Fixed it.

Reviewer 2: I adore oxford commas...

### The Agentverse: your gateway to AI Agents

The **Agentverse** operates as a Software as a Service (SaaS) platform, specifically designed for the development of AI Agents solutions. This platform allows for the smooth deployment and management of agents, including agents creation and registration services. This is a simple way to manage your agents, and have them hosted.

Agentverse provides well documented use cases from simple "Hello World" to AI driven recommendation systems. These use cases are just a simple click, before you can edit, tweak and deploy for yourself. 

You can list your agent(s) as a service on agentverse, so that they can easily be found by the ai-engine, and recommended to other users/agents.  

### DeltaV and the AI Engine: enabling user interaction

DeltaV is a chat interface which serves as a bridge connecting users to registered agents within the Agentverse. It simplifies users' queries and streamlines connections to these agents and encapsulated services in a human understandable manner, allowing everyone to retrieve and query for different services with ease.

> At the core of DeltaV functionalities lies the AI Engine, a sophisticated system facilitating natural language interactions. The Engine interprets users' inputs, transforms them into actionable tasks and determines the most suitable AI Agent registered within the Agentverse for task execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the core of DeltaV functionalities lies the AI Engine; the ai-engine purpose is to parse, understand and connect human input to agents by facilitating natural language interactions. The Engine interprets users' inputs, transforms them into actionable tasks and determines the most suitable AI Agent registered within the Agentverse for task execution.
```

### The Fetch.ai network: the foundations

> The **Fetch.ai network** serves as the foundation of Fetch.ai's entire ecosystem, underpinning and empowering the functionalities of AI Agents, the Agentverse, DeltaV, and the AI Engine. This is the structural framework that enables the innovative, efficient, and accessible decentralized digital economy envisioned by Fetch.ai.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Fetch.ai network** serves as the foundation of Fetch.ai's entire ecosystem, underpinning and empowering the functionalities of AI Agents, the Agentverse, DeltaV, and the AI Engine. This is the structural framework that enables the decentralized digital economy envisioned by Fetch.ai.
```

The Fetch.ai network comprises multiple essential elements including the _Almanac Contract_, the _Fetch Name Service_, the _Fetch ledger_, and the _FET Token_. The tools constituting the network are essential for the correct development of your ideas and solutions and to make them discoverable to a greater audience of users.

> At the heart of the Fetch.ai network lies the **Almanac Contract**. It operates as a comprehensive repository, storing critical information about AI Agents, and it is crucial for the execution of various functionalities. This contract enables the smooth exchange of data and ensures the efficient functioning of AI Agents within Fetch.ai's ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the heart of the Fetch.ai network lies the **Almanac Contract**. It operates as a comprehensive repository, storing critical information about AI Agents, and it is crucial for the execution of various functionalities. The Almanac is a point of truth, and a place to search for all registered agents. This contract enables the smooth exchange of data and ensures the efficient functioning of AI Agents within Fetch.ai's ecosystem.
```

# Introducing Fetch.ai: pioneering a decentralized digital economy

> **Fetch.ai** pioneers a decentralized digital economy by blending artificial intelligence (AI) and blockchain technology. At its core, we find _AI Agents_ technology, that is, digital software entities being able to make independent decisions for individuals, organizations, and devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Fetch.ai** is building the platform and tools to help build an AI enabled  decentralized digital economy. At fetch.ai's core, are _AI Agents_, they are AI enabled progrmas able to make independent decisions for individuals, organizations, and devices.
```

> The creation of AI Agents offers significant opportunities to everybody: on one side, service providers can craft tailor-made automated services to boost operations and engage directly with customers. On the other, users can directly access different services, finding the best solutions while maintaining their privacy.

Reviewer 2: I don't like this; why is it just an example of buying and selling? What about problem solving, record keeping, compute?

Author: Changed this.

> Fetch.ai prioritizes **accessibility**. In fact, AI Agents technology is designed to be inclusive, regardless of one's software expertise. It's versatile and can be applied across various scenarios, allowing everyone to harness AI Agents for enhanced efficiency and innovation. We believe in the potential that this technology has to transform industries as we currently know nowadays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fetch.ai prioritizes **accessibility**.  AI Agent technology is built to be inclusive so that anyone can build an AI Agent. 
```

### The architecture

> Fetch.ai integrates several key technological layers, each serving a distinct purpose. These layers include: the **AI Agents**, the **Agentverse**, the **AI Engine**, and the **Fetch network**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fetch.ai is build on four core layers. The **AI Agents**, the **Agentverse**, the **AI Engine**, and the **Fetch network**.
```

These layers directly interconnect with one another and contribute collectively to the correct functioning of the Fetch.ai ecosystem and its applications.

![](src/images/missing.jpeg)

### AI Agents: the core

> **AI Agents** are software entities created to function autonomously within the decentralized world. AI agents can connect, search and transact to form dynamic marketplaces, and can be programmed with logic to interact both within their environment and among other agents within the network. Their security and decentralized features make them able to securely execute specific tasks and objectives without the need of human intervention. Through their autonomous capabilities, AI Agents present a new paradigm in how tasks are executed and services are provided in the decentralized digital landscape Fetch.ai is looking to pursue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**AI Agents** are software entities created to function autonomously within the decentralized world. AI agents can connect, search and transact to form dynamic marketplaces, and can be programmed with logic to interact both within their environment and among other agents within the network. Their security and decentralized features make them able to securely execute specific tasks and objectives without the need of human intervention. 
```

### The Agentverse: your gateway to AI Agents

> The **Agentverse** is an important component of Fetch.ai's ecosystem. It operates as a Software as a Service (SaaS) platform, specifically designed for the development of AI Agents solutions. This platform offers essential features to facilitate the smooth deployment and management of agents, including agents creation and registration services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Agentverse** operates as a Software as a Service (SaaS) platform, specifically designed for the development of AI Agents solutions. This platform allows for the smooth deployment and management of agents, including agents creation and registration services. This is a simple way to manage your agents, and have them hosted.
```

> What makes the Agentverse unique is its accessibility to developers of various backgrounds and experience levels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> This thanks to the different examples and use cases provided within the platform to start building your own customized AI Agents solutions in few clicks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agentverse provides well documented use cases from simple "Hello World" to AI driven recommendation systems. These use cases are just a simple click, before you can edit, tweak and deploy for yourself. 
```

> One additional feature is the possibility of using the Agentverse to register any service you may wish to encapsulate using the AI Agents technology. In fact, the Agentverse offers a streamlined process for services registration. These registered services are then accessible by anyone interested in utilizing or interacting with them via DeltaV. This way, the Agentverse contributes to make AI Agents technology more inclusive, thus contributing to the growth of decentralized digital economies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can list your agent(s) as a service on agentverse, so that they can easily be found by the ai-engine, and recommended to other users/agents.  
```
